1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    It helped me visually notice much easier what changes were made between the files and therefore the bug.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of a file will allow for programmers to rollback to earlier stages if there a bug is introduced or
    will be able to compare previous versions to determine where a bug is.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    If the versions are automatically saved then often versions that do not have any logical consistency as a component of change will not be saved,
    but rather random saves every hour or so. If it is manually committed you save the changes at relevant points of time such as when new features
    are introduced.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because when you develop a project you often make changes to multiple files that are interconnected that should be committed together.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the whole commit history of the repository
    git diff shows the difference between two commits

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    With the functionality to just revert back to a state where what you were developing was working, it is much easier to test larger blocks of code
    or larger logical segments without having to worry about breaking the program. Which in effect makes you more confident in making changes that could 
    break something.

7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Something a little more complex. Maybe involving react.